Add agent framework/throttling/hidden model/OS assistant and update conversational search documentation (#6354)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/agent-apis/delete-agent.md

---
layout: default
title: Delete agent
parent: Agent APIs
grand_parent: ML Commons APIs
nav_order: 50
---

# Delete an agent
**Introduced 2.12**
{: .label .label-purple }

This is an experimental feature and is not recommended for use in a production environment. For updates on the progress of the feature or if you want to leave feedback, see the associated [GitHub issue](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/issues/1161).    
{: .warning}

> Deletes an agent based on the `agent_id`.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use this API to delete an agent based on the `agent_id`.
```
